# V2

Status: Not started

# **Goals**

---

Migrate from traditional tracking methods to a server side solution where we aim to improve the quality of traffic being sent to marketing destinations, comply with privacy laws, and improve on accuracy. Thus improving the attributed results on platform giving a clearer picture of marketing activities. 

### Onboarding

[How to add CNAME Records for [Stape.io](http://Stape.io) sGTM container | Template](V2%2016c7dee22b178086aa67f75638d8d9a7/How%20to%20add%20CNAME%20Records%20for%20Stape%20io%20sGTM%20contain%2016c7dee22b17803f86cfc2672e1e8e5e.md)

[How to upgrade a sGTM container to a paid plan on stape](https://www.notion.so/How-to-upgrade-a-sGTM-container-to-a-paid-plan-on-stape-16c7dee22b1780c4b9d6c434944c8aaa?pvs=21)

## Methodology

---

- **Setup**: Create an sGTM container in a cloud service and link it to the web GTM container.
- **Configure Tags**: Move and configure key tags (e.g., GA4, Meta Pixel) in sGTM.
- **Data Layer**:  Ensure clean and structured data flows from web GTM to sGTM.
- **Test**: Validate data flow, debug, and resolve errors.
- **Launch**: Deploy sGTM live, monitor performance, and optimise continuously.

We can make use of custom loaders, cookie keepers & no SQL databases to store user data and unique user_id. 

## MarTech tools

---

The tools used to setup server side tagging, the destination platforms as well as shopping feed apps. 

[Stape.io](http://Stape.io) - Server Side Tagging solution 

GA4 - Website analytics

Google Ads - Pay per click advertising

Meta ads - Paid social advertising

Klaviyo - Email marketing tool

## Measurement Plan

---

[Events - Template](V2%2016c7dee22b178086aa67f75638d8d9a7/Events%20-%20Template%2016c7dee22b178079b7c7e6916ced9801.csv)